# Identifying Engagement in Children's Interaction whilst Composing Digital Music at Home 

This repository contains the appendix material for the paper "Identifying Engagement in Children's Interaction whilst Composing Digital Music at Home", presented at C&C 2022. If you find any aspects of this repository useful, please consider citing our work:

* Corey Ford and Nick Bryan-Kinns. 2022. Identifying Engagement in Children’s Interaction whilst Composing Digital Music at Home. In Creativity and Cognition (C&C '22). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 443–456. [https://doi.org/10.1145/3527927.3532794](https://doi.org/10.1145/3527927.3532794)

**The repository contains the following:**

## raw_data_logs
This folder contains the raw log files collected from all 10 participants, including their mouse clicks and the labelled aspects of engagement.

## processed_data
A folder containing dataset 1 and dataset 1b, which are generated by the 1_data_processing.py script, described below.

## 1_data_processing.py
A python script containing three functions: **splitInteractionsIntoCodingScheme** (which categorises the interactions into categories, see Figure 4 in the paper), **processInteractionDataIntoWindows** (which reads the files in raw_data_logs to create dataset 1, see Section 3.5.1 in the paper), **processWindowedDataForDT** (which reads dataset 1 to create dataset 1b, see Section 3.5.3 in the paper). All processed data are stored in the folder processed_data. 

## 2_statistical_analysis.r
R code for the mixed linear regression model and DT analyses - see sections 3.5 and 4 of the paper.

## 3_Identifying Engagement Appendix.pdf
A pdf document of the following:
* A description of Codetta's blocks
* The study tutorial
* The full coding scheme for Codetta's interactions
* Transcripts of the children's interviews

